{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chang, J., Gerrish, S., Wang, C., & Blei, D. M. (2009). Reading Tea Leaves: How Humans Interpret Topic Models. In Proc NIPS (pp. 288\'96296). doi:10.1.1.100.1089\
\
Chuang, J., Roberts, M. E., Stewart, B. M., Weiss, R., Tingley, D., Grimmer, J., & Heer, J. (2015). TopicCheck: Interactive Alignment for Assessing Topic Model Stability. In Proc NAACL (pp. 175\'96184). Denver, CO.\
\
Rhody, L. (2012). Topic Modeling and Figurative Language. Journal of Digital Humanities, 2(1).\
\
Mohr, J. W., & Bogdanov, P. (2013). Introduction-Topic models: What they are and why they matter. Poetics, 41(6), 545\'96569. doi:10.1016/j.poetic.2013.10.001\
\
Goldstone, A., & Underwood, T. (2014). The Quiet Transformations of Literary Studies: What Thirteen Thousand Scholars Could Tell Us. New Literary History, 45(3), 359\'96384.\
\
Grimmer, J., & Stewart, B. M. (2013). Text as data: The promise and pitfalls of automatic content analysis methods for political texts. Political Analysis, 21(3), 267\'96297. doi:10.1093/pan/mps028\
\
Roberts, M. E., Stewart, B. M., & Tingley, D. (2014). Navigating the Local Modes of Big Data: The Case of Topic Models. In Data Analytics in Social Science, Government, and Industry. New York: Cambridge University Press.\
\
Web Scraping with python by Ryan Mitchell	\
	}